yes you there below please we're not
hurting anybody it's just that I don't
want to hate you what I've tested the
trajectory and you're right in my path
but you mean if we move you're gonna
jump okay you know what there's no need
to yell about it well I all right let's
not child who can we talk about this
like civilized folk well yeah okay you
know what I really can't see why not
well then good fine i'll meet you
halfway not you're not gonna kill my
duck are you okay now what kind of
question is that a baby you know what
there's no call for that what kind of
person do you think I am I only ask
because he's quite scared of night well
yeah but I don't you know what that is
it's rude no there's no need for that I
believe you I trust you and you can
trust me the important thing is that we
understand each other um he's gonna stay
here but I'm coming up now I want you to
keep your eye on him if he moves a
muscle you hightail it right out of here
okay let's check
I know that you're gonna do whatever it
is that you need to do I'm not here to
make your decision and I'm certainly not
here to stay in your way I just want to
listen I want to find out what's going
on but you're in charge you're in
control you always will be cuz ain't you
can Foley's kill yourself later it's
just you seemed a little ambivalent so I
thought we might talk about it I'm not
going to pretend to know what you're
going through and I'm not going to tell
you that it's going to be okay and I'm
certainly not gonna tell you it's gonna
get better because this is about you
it's not about me
you know there's nothing wrong with
having an escape route in more time they
always had a way out the beauty of that
they're dumb is that there are two ways
to go i would you take yourself out well
i certainly wouldn't take a dive into
concrete that's for sure i might take
some pills or i might walk out into the
ceiling so well you're not shocked and
disgusted with me I'm never surprised
that people who want to kill themselves
I am awed there by people who want to
live and why you know the only problem I
have with your story thus far is that I
already know the ending me I prefer
surprises oh well if they'll be
surprised yeah who's in Tanya and Jack
this is my girlfriend and my best friend
I can't wait to see the look on their
faces when they see me they're in the
ground yeah well you're not going to
zoom but be more messed up than me
you're going to bet your life on that
what if they what if they know it's done
what if then what if they don't come
what if they don't care what i see this
is where i really have a problem with
your game plan they got to be somebody
else i can notify make sure that
somebody's there well my parents will
come sister was it joe from accounting
yeah are you sure that they're gonna be
upset well yeah of course seventh you
want but they did they're upset no no
just just tanya jack well see they are
gonna be upset that your family and your
friends are gonna see i am afraid that
by hurting yourself you're gonna be
hurting the wrong people the wrong
person you know what would really show
tanya and jack yeah if you were to live
a happy life without them all out in
front for them to see that would really
get to them ever think of that I didn't
it's it it's good though look Matt hey
just another option yeah let's think
about it
see I feel this way happiness is an
individual choice yeah not really I
think it's a personal decision have
great Paul orders what it is now you
face worse tonight it's just something
else to think about that's all you don't
have to make a decision now not while
you're upset aren't you sleep on it okay
see how you feel tomorrow morning all
right
I really don't know what to say
sometimes that's the best thing that or
nothing at all okay well i mean if you
are right how do i thank you